♪♪
How are we looking?
Uploading is on schedule,
and all ships
are present
and accounted for,
except one --
the Demeter 227.
What happened?
Uh, I'm not sure.
Apparently they re-routed,
and then poof, disappeared.
Any word from
the crew?
No.
Damn.
That's unfortunate.
Yeah, it's terrible.
Um, what should we do?
I'll inform the bosses, but I
doubt they'll sink any resources
into trying to find them.
But what if there
are survivors?
Well, for their sake,
let's hope there aren't any.
♪♪
[ Creatures calling
in distance ]
[ Creature lowing ]
[ Squelching ]
[ Creature lows ]
[ Squelching continues ]
[ Liquid spraying ]
[ Gurgling ]
[ Splat! ]
[ Chittering ]
[ Energy warbles ]
♪♪
[ Whoosh! ]
[ Sizzling ]
Sam: [ Muttering ]
Goddamn. Okay. Uh...
Okay, cool.
Is everything okay?
[ Sighs ]
I can't believe we did it.
Yeah.
♪♪
[ Whoosh! ]
[ Beep ]
We're all set.
This isn't going to fall
on our heads, is it?
I programmed the ship to land
somewhere east of here...
but that could happen.
[ Beeping ]
There it is.
[ Switch clicks,
electricity humming ]
Holy shit.
Here we go.
[ Electricity crackling ]
Yes!
[ Zap! ]
[ Machine powering down ]
No, no, no, no. No.
No!
No! Shit!
[ Grunts ]
Goddamn it.
Ursula: Sam.
What?!
[ Sighs ]
I'm sorry.
I can't even think straight.
Listen, Sam.
We have no other choice
than to get
the battery in pod five.
Okay?
So if we leave now, we can get
there by the early morning.
I'll get the bags.
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
[ Coughs ]
♪♪
[ Grunts ]
[ Grunting ]
[ Creature squawks ]
♪♪
[ Groans ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Chuckles ]
[ Screaming indistinctly ]
♪♪
[ Laughs crazily ]
[ Waves crashing ]
[ Thumping ]
[ Flittering ]
[ Thud ]
Hmm?
Levi,
can you come here please?
No problem.
Why did you bury
my wrench?
I'm not sure.
I know I've been having
some malfunctions lately.
But I was just curious
what would happen if I did.
Open
your maintenance hatch.
Ugh.
You sure this goo is helping?
Absolutely.
This biological material
seems to have a complementary
composition to my circuitry,
which is allowing me to --
All right. Stop. Close the hatch
and face me please.
Tell me again, Levi.
What are we doing here?
Our goal is to create
a sustainable life
where we can survive and thrive
until our return home.
And what's the first thing
I'm going to do when I get back?
You're going to
quit this job.
And then what?
You're going to trade me in
for a new bike.
A bike that
won't bury my tools.
Right. Well, your memory
isn't completely shot,
but I can't have any
of this bizarre behavior,
Levi, not out here.
I need you to schedule
a full diagnostic
on your logic and behavior
system tonight, okay?
Diagnostics check
confirmed.
Azi.
Yes?
I don't mean to alarm you,
but my sensors are
picking up increased activity
in the outer perimeter.
Yeah, I know.
Hang back this time.
I'll take the bike out.
♪♪
[ Beeping ]
[ Motor starts ]
♪♪
[ Warbling ]
[ Warbling stops ]
♪♪
[ Explosion reverberates ]
[ Breathing heavily ]
♪♪
[ Sizzling ]
[ Creature groans ]
♪♪
The area
is clear for now.
But I've noticed their behavior
has been more aggressive lately.
Levi, can you lower
your threat settings
for automatic
emergency response?
Sure, but I would advise
against it.
If you're referring
to what happened earlier,
my intuition told me
that you were in danger
and in need
of additional assistance.
Well, I wasn't,
and we wasted another flare.
Oh.
Sorry about that, Azi.
Lowering my
threat response now.
♪♪
[ Energy hums ]
[ Creature chirps ]
♪♪
[ Creatures chirping ]
[ Creature chirps ]
[ Energy hums ]
♪♪
[ Thud ]
[ Creature chirps ]
[ Energy hums ]
♪♪
Oh.
[ Chuckles ]
♪♪
[ Baby babbling ]
[ Man mutters, woman cries ]
[ Laughter ]
[ Splash! ]
♪♪
Fiona?
[ Static crackling ]
This is Azi Nareen of
the planetary freighter ship
Demeter 227.
I'm marooned on planet Vesta
seeking rescue.
Is anybody out there? Over.
[ Static crackles ]
Can you hear me?
Of course not.
[ Creatures lowing ]
♪♪
Levi?
So hypothetically speaking,
in our contracts,
could we charge the last couple
of months as overtime?
[ Chuckles ]
I know. It's funny.
But seriously.
[ Creatures chirping,
squawking ]
♪♪
[ Creature squeals ]
God, I hate it here.
♪♪
Watch your step.
[ Energy hums ]
♪♪
[ Energy sputtering ]
[ Sighs ]
It's okay.
We're going to get through this.
Don't touch anything
in here.
God, I hope that battery
is still charged.
It will be.
[ Energy hums ]
[ Man groans ]
Wait.
Did you hear that?
That's impossible.
No one could have survived
down here.
Aah!
What?
Creature: [ Distorted ] What?
God! What?
[ Poof! ]
Just --
Y-Your masking
is giving out.
Ursula,
slow your breathing.
Ursula.
Hold your breath.
Come on.
We're getting out of here.
♪♪
[ Coughing ]
Ursula!
♪♪
[ Coughing ]
Aah!
♪♪
[ Screams ]
[ Whoosh! ]
[ Inhales sharply ]
[ Gasps ]
[ Hissing ]
♪♪
[ Coughing ]
Sam: Oh, thank God.
Jesus.
I thought for sure you were
going to die down there,
I just need...
a minute.
♪♪
Stop.
Please stop.
♪♪
Aah!
[ Grunts ]
♪♪
Levi!
Please stop. Hello, Azi.
♪♪
[ Grunts ]
[ Breathing heavily ]
[ Grunting ]
♪♪
[ Creatures growl ]
[ Beeping ]
[ Explosion reverberates ]
♪♪
Azi, unfortunately 92 percent
of our current crop
has been destroyed, and our food
supplies are almost depleted.
We need to relocate
and explore
other options
for sustainability.
And that was
our last flare.
♪♪
Woman: [ Echoing ] Hey.
Do you mind leaving that?
Could you wake me up
in 10 minutes?
Don't leave.
[ Chuckles ]
What? Wh-- What?
No!
No, no, no!
No, I need you!
[ Gasps ]
Please come back!
♪♪
Aah!
[ Thud ]
[ Breathing heavily ]
What?
[ Whoosh! ]
♪♪
[ Breathing heavily ]
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
[ Wind whistles ]
Aah!
♪♪
[ Grunts ]
[ Breathing rapidly ]
[ Thud ]
♪♪
[ Energy humming ]
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
Fiona:
You look so thin.
Please eat something.
♪♪
This --
This is amazing.
♪♪
Mmm.
[ Beeping ]
Okay. Here goes.
[ Switch clicks,
electricity humming ]
Come on, goddamn it.
[ Electricity crackling ]
Come on.
[ Poof! ]
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
[ Beeping ]
[ Energy whirring ]
♪♪
[ Beep ]
The Demeter!
What's happening?
Levi: Someone must
have initiated
the emergency landing
protocol.
Levi, we're leaving tomorrow.
[ Rumbling in distance ]
♪♪
[ Creature squawks ]
[ Creatures chittering ]
♪♪